[Music]
this is the area 51 M from alien where
it's their latest and greatest flagship
it's their biggest laptop is our most
expensive it's very powerful running the
latest Hardware newest design it's it's
their flagship it's smaller than I
thought it would be like when you look
at pictures it's kind of hard to see
scale it's big don't get me wrong this
isn't like a super portable device but
it's smaller than I thought it would be
based on pictures that I saw at CES so
the design of this thing is very alien
where I personally really like this
design they've clearly spent time in
making their product look and feel very
unique the unit I have is in this lunar
white color it's this kind of light grey
color almost white but not like stark
white it's also a soft touch finish
which is nice to hold I am a little
concerned about long-term durability of
this particular color look if you have
know if you're mr. Cheetos and you're
constantly dipping your fingers and like
coloured items I could see the surface
dirtying up over time but if you take
care of it I think it's a really
nice-looking finish the build quality
feels very good it's very alien we're
like like this is a device that just
feels very tanky there's no flex on the
chassis this is what Alienware does this
is probably their specialty they have
heavier devices but their stuff is built
very well the logo up at the front
lights up it's their alien head but
aesthetically the attraction to this
device for me is definitely the light-up
trim on the tail end of the device the
lighting here looks really cool to me
it's kind of like the engine of an alien
spaceship or something I think we did a
really good job and honestly if this
device was just like a plain generic
looking block box the truth is people
probably wouldn't be giving this thing
as much attention as it gets but because
it looks as cool as it does here we are
there is glossy plastic on the front of
the device and also on the trim like
just around the bezels of the screen and
I really don't like that they use this
material this is just material that I
can get scratched very easily so it's
unfortunate that they use it I feel like
over time if you don't take care of it
this will look aged quite quickly
compared to the rest of the device so
the ports on the area 51 M are kind of
limited I feel it's got like the same
number of ports as a 15 inch device it's
got three epa's and then one
Thunderball three and even our device
this large it doesn't have an SD card
slot for the people that are buying
devices like this they don't need an SD
card slot so I get it like they don't
really need to put it in but I would
have liked to seen it because there are
people that can make use of it now if
you'll notice on the back there's two AC
adapter sockets and we've seen devices
like this before devices that require
two power connections but this time
there are two different sizes there's a
330 watt and a 181 and this is just for
this particular configuration but the
fact remains you do need two AC adapters
to run this thing at full power I don't
like that I got to be honest I
understand why they did it like you
can't have AC adapters that are larger
than 330 watts in some regions so to
make this thing in international device
they have to do this but it just makes
this device so much less portable
despite its size you now you have to
carry two large AC adapters it can run
off with just one like the 330 watt will
power this but it won't be full
performance it's more for I don't know
if you need to go somewhere real quick
and you just need to bring something at
least you can use it with just one
adaptor so there's two speakers on the
front very nice sounding speakers it's
Alienware their flagship devices usually
have great sounding speakers and these
are no exception they have very rich
sound and they're well positioned the
keyboard is a classic Alienware keyboard
it's got plush travel good keyboard for
gaming I don't like the positioning of
the page up and page down keys this is
something that's bothered me on a lot of
Alienware keyboards but I think most
people will enjoy this keyboard for
gaming say with the touchpad it's kind
of a standard Alienware touchpad
dedicated hardware buttons witness
precision drivers the inputs are good on
this device and you have full control of
lighting in software performance on the
area 51 M is excellent it's running an
eight-core desktop grade CPU the 9900 K
and it's running a desktop grade GPU the
r-tx 20/80 not like a laptop RTX 2080
but a almost full wattage r-tx 2080 from
a desktop all packaged into here and
both of those components the CPU and the
GPU are upgradable that's what makes
this thing so unique playing games on
this thing is fantastic it has awesome
performance ultra fast frame rates rate
racing support it's basically a very
powerful desktop system inside of
this thing now I will say I've used
other powerful laptops before right
we've seen the predator 21x we've seen
stuff from MSI that are also very big
and very powerful but for some reason
this doesn't feel like a big and bulky
system when you're playing games on it
I'm not sure if it's like the thin
bezels on the screen or the ergonomics
of the wrist rest but it just feels like
a regular laptop when you're playing
with it and when you're carrying it
around that's a completely different
story especially with the two AC
adapters it is very large but playing on
it it's a comfortable gaming experience
it also benchmarks like a beast like
there's not much else out there that can
compare to this in the laptop market
right now and the GPU scores are very
close to the desktop
RTX 2080 scores it's pretty nutty in
regards to thermals I would say I'm
content this is a very unique device in
terms of what Alienware was trying to
deliver it's running a desktop CPU
desktop GPU both of those very high
wattage and they just run extremely hot
if you're expecting excellent thermals
on like quiet fans it's not going to
happen your system will stay quiet but
you're gonna throttle in games and same
with boost clock if you want this thing
to be running at max turbo on all cores
it's like this is not that system for it
so if you cranked the fans on this thing
and you cranked it up to maximum fan
speed you will get good thermal
performance they're gonna run loud but
the temperatures are good even after
several hours of heavy gaming and on one
hand I'm impressed that they're able to
cool that CPU in this particular chassis
but on the other hand it is an
overclockable CPU and there's a part of
me that thinks if you're gonna put that
CPU into this chassis and give users
overclocking options in the software it
should be able to but there was no
amount of under volting and tweaking
that I could do in the software to get a
substantial overclock on this particular
chip on a desktop I've seen that chip go
really hard but not on this chassis and
it kind of makes me question the whole
idea of even using a desktop chip in a
laptop in the first place like if it's
not giving you really substantial gains
is it really worth it
now the GPU is overclockable as well and
I'm able to get decent performance
increases with that ok I want to take a
look at the insides to get access to the
standard stuff you just remove the
bottom panel you get access to your RAM
your drives and your Wi-Fi card but to
get access to the good stuff you've got
to remove a little bit
more you got to pop off a bunch of
screws disconnect a few cables it's not
super hard it's a cup 1,500 cc's socket
and the GPU the CPU is a desktop LGA
socket you can swap it out whenever you
want if you want the graphics card
however is a custom dala form factor so
if you want to upgrade that in the
future you're gonna have to buy that
directly from Dell there does seem to be
some confusion in regards to the upgrade
ability of these devices I've seen some
discussions saying that the art GX 26e
config like the base config can't be
upgraded in the future because it
doesn't have like the ventilation on the
side and I reached out to Dell they say
that's not the case all the devices will
have side ventilation and all devices
can be upgraded in the future that being
said I do have some thoughts in regards
to the upgrade ability of this device it
sounds awesome on paper right the idea
of an upgradable laptop has been like
everybody's dream but in this particular
scenario the CPU socket that they're
using is like it's the LGA 1151 and by
the time a substantial upgrade appears
in the CPU segment we don't know if that
will use the same socket like it may it
may not it's a bit of a gamble if you're
gonna purchase this laptop with the
intent of upgrading the CPU in the
future the GPU upgrade ability is
something I think is great that's
something that just makes a lot more
sense to me but the CPU upgrade ability
is I'm not sure on that the battery life
is short I'm getting an hour and a half
of battery life with the screen at 250
nits I can't say I'm surprised that
these are desktop components being run
off a battery right that's that's never
gonna give you long battery life Oh Toby
eye-tracking this is a feature that is
on a lot of the Alienware flagships I
don't think it's particularly useful but
there are sensors that track where your
eyes are looking at on the screen I know
that some eSports team use it for
training and stuff like that but I
personally have never found something
useful with it the screen 17 inch 1080p
there's supposedly some higher
resolutions that'll come out later this
year once manufacturers started making
some thin bezel high-rise panels but
right now you only get Tandy P
personally I don't mind like I feel like
for most gamers out there
Tandy P is where it's at like if you
look at many of the popular streamers or
pro gamers out there they're often
running Tandy P panels and this
particular panel is pretty bright in
color act
and it supports jisuk now I want to wrap
this video up with my own personal
thoughts on the area 51 M this is a very
powerful gaming laptop it's the most
powerful gaming laptop that I've used
it's awesome for video editing it's
awesome for gaming but I don't know if
the extra performance that you get from
this device really warrants the extra
cost the extra weight the extra fan
noise like there's a lot of stuff you
have to deal with if you're gonna use
this system now the upgrade ability on
it is awesome like it's something I
think is gonna draw a lot of people to
it but you got to carry these things
around to huge AC adapters to power
something like this because it really is
a desktop in a laptop form factor and
this thing is crazy power-hungry you
boot it up stuff just go
you